index.md, before:


## 2024

### November

* [18 - There Are Such Things As Bad Questions](2024/11/18-13.16.17.html)

### August

* [10 - People are wrong on the internet, AI edition](2024/08/10-13.36.05.html)

### July

* [13 - Food-based coding metaphors](2024/07/13-17.10.31.html)

### May

* [25 - Crypto-[graphy|currency]: two cultures](2024/05/25-12.04.31.html)

### April

* [30 - Unthinkable thoughts](2024/04/30-13.54.02.html)
* [29 - Binary humans, nuanced AI](2024/04/29-14.44.44.html)
* [24 - Spendable votes](2024/04/24-10.42.51.html)
* [07 - Eiron Merton](2024/04/07-12.47.14.html)
* [07 - The More they Overthink the Plumbing…](2024/04/07-21.31.19.html)

### March

* [23 - Timeline of the near future](2024/03/23-17.24.34.html)
* [19 - Newspapers, copyright, artists, and GenAI](2024/03/19-14.53.05.html)
* [11 - A Brilliant end](2024/03/11-12.00.16.html)

## 2023

### December

* [12 - Analogy: LLMs as CISC, MoE as RISC](2023/12/12.html)

### November

* [19 - The conservative-radical split over AI](2023/11/19-19.53.55.html)

### February

* [20 - Head cannon: Wallace &amp; Grommit](2023/02/20-19.25.29.html)

## 2022

### December

* [13 - AGI to match open tags except XHTML self-contained tags](2022/12/13-20.26.24.html)

### October

* [09 - An end to copyright?](2022/10/09-19.33.04.html)

### September

* [20 - Not a Singularity but an Event Horizon](2022/09/20-18.35.10.html)

### June

* [18 - LaMDA, Turing Test, sentience](2022/06/18-18.00.15.html)

### May

* [31 - Hieroglyphic poetry, modern and ancient](2022/05/31-18.46.16.html)
* [14 - No, a black hole can’t be used as a rocket](2022/05/14-17.06.59.html)

## 2021

### December

* [27 - Arguments, hill climbing, the wisdom of the crowds](2021/12/27-11.48.06.html)

### November

* [11 - Blasphemy, LARPing, mandatory vaccination](2021/11/11-14.32.26.html)

### July

* [31 - How big might real wormholes be?](2021/07/31-13.37.34.html)
* [17 - SciFi: The unexpected problems with gravity](2021/07/17-12.04.34.html)

### June

* [14 - Why do some people hate masks?](2021/06/14-21.59.37.html)

### May

* [22 - Bioprinted fairy drones](2021/05/22-21.06.36.html)

### February

* [12 - Point an infrared thermometer at the sky](2021/02/12-22.45.54.html)
* [09 - Baryon asymmetry](2021/02/09-21.42.43.html)

## 2020

### November

* [20 - Truthiness &amp; COVID denial by the dying](2020/11/20-21.41.53.html)

### August

* [15 - If you wanted to steal an election…](2020/08/15-21.22.58.html)

### July

* [27 - Hᵤ(2, 2) = 4 for all u&gt;0](2020/07/27-07.55.11.html)

### June

* [27 - Trek head-cannon](2020/06/27-22.51.46.html)
* [10 - Post-scarcity](2020/06/10-20.30.07.html)
* [09 - Hypocrisy](2020/06/09-22.21.25.html)

### May

* [31 - Mistakes](2020/05/31-20.56.15.html)

### April

* [15 - To believe falsely](2020/04/15-07.34.01.html)

### March

* [17 - Ohne Kaffee](2020/03/17-16.23.52.html)
* [06 - Sufficient technology](2020/03/06-09.03.06.html)
* [02 - Hypothesise first, test later](2020/03/02-09.29.34.html)

### January

* [16 - The worst form of government except for all the others](2020/01/16-15.06.16.html)
* [08 - Morality, thy discount is hyperbolic](2020/01/08-21.46.38.html)

## 2019

### December

* [30 - Memetic monocultures](2019/12/30-18.46.50.html)

### November

* [23 - Newcomb’s Assured Destruction](2019/11/23-22.21.36.html)

### October

* [25 - Oh no](2019/10/25-16.51.33.html)

### August

* [26 - Medical-Computer analogies](2019/08/26-18.21.39.html)
* [12 - The Totally Credible Heroes](2019/08/12-18.32.01.html)

### July

* [30 - Sapiens Plurum contest entry](2019/07/30-16.27.32.html)
* [12 - History, according to the British](2019/07/12-10.51.01.html)
* [11 - A mole of bytes](2019/07/11-09.41.15.html)

### June

* [01 - Berlin public transport map](2019/06/01-21.44.42.html)

### May

* [31 - Electrodynamic Lagrange points and fusion reactors](2019/05/31-12.31.17.html)
* [28 - XKCD-2152](2019/05/28-07.59.38.html)
* [25 - Dot product morality](2019/05/25-15.09.10.html)

### February

* [14 - The 1950s (ish) according to my mother](2019/02/14-21.56.58.html)

### January

* [07 - Homeopathic solutions to the Fermi paradox](2019/01/07-21.22.07.html)

## 2018

### December

* [23 - A life's work](2018/12/23-10.00.13.html)
* [21 - Word avalanche](2018/12/21-09.27.02.html)
* [12 - Brexit RPG](2018/12/12-21.27.56.html)

### November

* [29 - More scam emails](2018/11/29-22.10.16.html)

### October

* [26 - Finding the smallest value in a Swift array of Integers](2018/10/26-21.05.33.html)
* [22 - Brexit as an example of failure to comprehend conditional probabilities](2018/10/22-09.05.45.html)
* [16 - Self-teaching | Selbstlernen](2018/10/16-17.00.58.html)
* [01 - Pocket brains](2018/10/01-19.55.14.html)
* [01 - Falsifiability](2018/10/01-18.46.42.html)

### September

* [22 - Thought crime in 2084](2018/09/22-22.10.09.html)
* [21 - One person's nit is another's central pillar](2018/09/21-11.29.23.html)
* [18 - Baysean Brexit](2018/09/18-09.25.28.html)
* [16 - Attention ec — ooh, a squirrel](2018/09/16-18.46.48.html)

### August

* [31 - Voting: do or do not?](2018/08/31-08.43.55.html)
* [31 - Social media compulsion](2018/08/31-11.34.47.html)
* [28 - Open borders](2018/08/28-11.02.41.html)
* [26 - Mathematical Universe v. Boltzmann Brains](2018/08/26-08.28.24.html)
* [11 - A.I. safety with Democracy?](2018/08/11-18.39.44.html)
* [09 - Anatomy of a scam, and LiveJournal's lost passwords](2018/08/09-15.24.47.html)
* [05 - Dynamic range of Bayesian thought](2018/08/05-05.24.51.html)

### July

* [17 - Old predictions, and how they've been standing up](2018/07/17-16.09.05.html)

### June

* [27 - Headcannon](2018/06/27-14.38.35.html)
* [26 - Unlearnable](2018/06/26-11.32.27.html)
* [21 - Unfortunate personhood tests for A.I.](2018/06/21-10.13.56.html)
* [17 - How would you know whether an A.I. was a person or not?](2018/06/17-23.09.28.html)

### May

* [22 - Hyperloop's secondary purposes](2018/05/22-11.34.15.html)

### March

* [16 - Speed of machine intelligence](2018/03/16-10.44.18.html)

### February

* [16 - Mote of smartdust](2018/02/16-12.30.04.html)
* [06 - Nietzsche, Facebook, and A.I.](2018/02/06-12.21.48.html)
* [05 - Kessler-resistant real-life force-fields?](2018/02/05-11.16.43.html)
* [02 - <strike>Cherry-manning?</strike> Nut picking](2018/02/02-22.40.37.html)

### January

* [31 - Alzheimer's](2018/01/31-11.26.08.html)
* [29 - Utility function of meetings](2018/01/29-13.27.12.html)
* [27 - Must we laugh to change our mind?](2018/01/27-15.04.31.html)
* [21 - Normalised, n-dimensional, utility monster](2018/01/21-23.53.51.html)

## 2017

### December

* [18 - I am not a quantum physicist](2017/12/18-13.34.56.html)

### November

* [27 - Irish border, WTO rules, Brexit](2017/11/27-14.10.14.html)
* [26 - You won't believe how fast transistors are](2017/11/26-22.25.50.html)
* [21 - Hyperinflation in the attention economy: what succeeds adverts?](2017/11/21-22.11.35.html)
* [19 - If I'm right about this, it's luck, not skill.](2017/11/19-16.02.25.html)
* [18 - Musk City, Antarctica](2017/11/18-19.07.03.html)
* [17 - The end of human labour is inevitable, here's why](2017/11/17-11.36.34.html)

### September

* [15 - Being embarrassed by your old work is a sign you've learned things](2017/09/15-22.58.06.html)

### August

* [09 - Would this be a solution to the problem of literal-Genie omniscient AIs?](2017/08/09-19.21.27.html)
* [05 - Railgun notes #2](2017/08/05-19.27.26.html)

### July

* [27 - Why do people look by touching?](2017/07/27-16.12.35.html)

### June

* [23 - Automated detection of propaganda and cultural bias](2017/06/23-16.21.26.html)
* [18 - Vision](2017/06/18-00.56.14.html)
* [15 - iOS or Android?](2017/06/15-00.03.36.html)
* [06 - Falcon 9 to scale](2017/06/06-11.42.15.html)

### May

* [30 - Tasteless humour](2017/05/30-23.46.24.html)
* [23 - Andrew Neil interviews Theresa Maykov-bot](2017/05/23-13.23.15.html)
* [19 - Just because you can, doesn't mean you should](2017/05/19-23.09.23.html)

### April

* [20 - Can a Casimir cavity be used to construct true negative mass metamaterials?](2017/04/20-14.32.32.html)
* [10 - Executable images](2017/04/10-22.55.43.html)
* [10 - Railgun notes](2017/04/10-18.16.20.html)

### January

* [03 - Megastructures](2017/01/03-14.50.50.html)

## 2016

### November

* [10 - The passage of time](2016/11/10-21.39.45.html)

### May

* [09 - EU](2016/05/09-20.40.01.html)

### April

* [12 - The Singularity is Dead, Long Live The Singularity](2016/04/12-00.31.55.html)
* [08 - The near future](2016/04/08-12.40.20.html)

### March

* [09 - Tryin' out wordpress](2016/03/09-11.16.27.html)

Commit message:

One AI to rule them all…

index.md, after:


## 2024

### December

* [16 - One AI to Rule Them All / One AI to Bind Them / One AI to Bring Them All / And in the Algorithm Bind Them](2024/12/16-17.47.07.html)

### November

* [18 - There Are Such Things As Bad Questions](2024/11/18-13.16.17.html)

### August

* [10 - People are wrong on the internet, AI edition](2024/08/10-13.36.05.html)

### July

* [13 - Food-based coding metaphors](2024/07/13-17.10.31.html)

### May

* [25 - Crypto-[graphy|currency]: two cultures](2024/05/25-12.04.31.html)

### April

* [30 - Unthinkable thoughts](2024/04/30-13.54.02.html)
* [29 - Binary humans, nuanced AI](2024/04/29-14.44.44.html)
* [24 - Spendable votes](2024/04/24-10.42.51.html)
* [07 - Eiron Merton](2024/04/07-12.47.14.html)
* [07 - The More they Overthink the Plumbing…](2024/04/07-21.31.19.html)

### March

* [23 - Timeline of the near future](2024/03/23-17.24.34.html)
* [19 - Newspapers, copyright, artists, and GenAI](2024/03/19-14.53.05.html)
* [11 - A Brilliant end](2024/03/11-12.00.16.html)

## 2023

### December

* [12 - Analogy: LLMs as CISC, MoE as RISC](2023/12/12.html)

### November

* [19 - The conservative-radical split over AI](2023/11/19-19.53.55.html)

### February

* [20 - Head cannon: Wallace &amp; Grommit](2023/02/20-19.25.29.html)

## 2022

### December

* [13 - AGI to match open tags except XHTML self-contained tags](2022/12/13-20.26.24.html)

### October

* [09 - An end to copyright?](2022/10/09-19.33.04.html)

### September

* [20 - Not a Singularity but an Event Horizon](2022/09/20-18.35.10.html)

### June

* [18 - LaMDA, Turing Test, sentience](2022/06/18-18.00.15.html)

### May

* [31 - Hieroglyphic poetry, modern and ancient](2022/05/31-18.46.16.html)
* [14 - No, a black hole can’t be used as a rocket](2022/05/14-17.06.59.html)

## 2021

### December

* [27 - Arguments, hill climbing, the wisdom of the crowds](2021/12/27-11.48.06.html)

### November

* [11 - Blasphemy, LARPing, mandatory vaccination](2021/11/11-14.32.26.html)

### July

* [31 - How big might real wormholes be?](2021/07/31-13.37.34.html)
* [17 - SciFi: The unexpected problems with gravity](2021/07/17-12.04.34.html)

### June

* [14 - Why do some people hate masks?](2021/06/14-21.59.37.html)

### May

* [22 - Bioprinted fairy drones](2021/05/22-21.06.36.html)

### February

* [12 - Point an infrared thermometer at the sky](2021/02/12-22.45.54.html)
* [09 - Baryon asymmetry](2021/02/09-21.42.43.html)

## 2020

### November

* [20 - Truthiness &amp; COVID denial by the dying](2020/11/20-21.41.53.html)

### August

* [15 - If you wanted to steal an election…](2020/08/15-21.22.58.html)

### July

* [27 - Hᵤ(2, 2) = 4 for all u&gt;0](2020/07/27-07.55.11.html)

### June

* [27 - Trek head-cannon](2020/06/27-22.51.46.html)
* [10 - Post-scarcity](2020/06/10-20.30.07.html)
* [09 - Hypocrisy](2020/06/09-22.21.25.html)

### May

* [31 - Mistakes](2020/05/31-20.56.15.html)

### April

* [15 - To believe falsely](2020/04/15-07.34.01.html)

### March

* [17 - Ohne Kaffee](2020/03/17-16.23.52.html)
* [06 - Sufficient technology](2020/03/06-09.03.06.html)
* [02 - Hypothesise first, test later](2020/03/02-09.29.34.html)

### January

* [16 - The worst form of government except for all the others](2020/01/16-15.06.16.html)
* [08 - Morality, thy discount is hyperbolic](2020/01/08-21.46.38.html)

## 2019

### December

* [30 - Memetic monocultures](2019/12/30-18.46.50.html)

### November

* [23 - Newcomb’s Assured Destruction](2019/11/23-22.21.36.html)

### October

* [25 - Oh no](2019/10/25-16.51.33.html)

### August

* [26 - Medical-Computer analogies](2019/08/26-18.21.39.html)
* [12 - The Totally Credible Heroes](2019/08/12-18.32.01.html)

### July

* [30 - Sapiens Plurum contest entry](2019/07/30-16.27.32.html)
* [12 - History, according to the British](2019/07/12-10.51.01.html)
* [11 - A mole of bytes](2019/07/11-09.41.15.html)

### June

* [01 - Berlin public transport map](2019/06/01-21.44.42.html)

### May

* [31 - Electrodynamic Lagrange points and fusion reactors](2019/05/31-12.31.17.html)
* [28 - XKCD-2152](2019/05/28-07.59.38.html)
* [25 - Dot product morality](2019/05/25-15.09.10.html)

### February

* [14 - The 1950s (ish) according to my mother](2019/02/14-21.56.58.html)

### January

* [07 - Homeopathic solutions to the Fermi paradox](2019/01/07-21.22.07.html)

## 2018

### December

* [23 - A life's work](2018/12/23-10.00.13.html)
* [21 - Word avalanche](2018/12/21-09.27.02.html)
* [12 - Brexit RPG](2018/12/12-21.27.56.html)

### November

* [29 - More scam emails](2018/11/29-22.10.16.html)

### October

* [26 - Finding the smallest value in a Swift array of Integers](2018/10/26-21.05.33.html)
* [22 - Brexit as an example of failure to comprehend conditional probabilities](2018/10/22-09.05.45.html)
* [16 - Self-teaching | Selbstlernen](2018/10/16-17.00.58.html)
* [01 - Pocket brains](2018/10/01-19.55.14.html)
* [01 - Falsifiability](2018/10/01-18.46.42.html)

### September

* [22 - Thought crime in 2084](2018/09/22-22.10.09.html)
* [21 - One person's nit is another's central pillar](2018/09/21-11.29.23.html)
* [18 - Baysean Brexit](2018/09/18-09.25.28.html)
* [16 - Attention ec — ooh, a squirrel](2018/09/16-18.46.48.html)

### August

* [31 - Voting: do or do not?](2018/08/31-08.43.55.html)
* [31 - Social media compulsion](2018/08/31-11.34.47.html)
* [28 - Open borders](2018/08/28-11.02.41.html)
* [26 - Mathematical Universe v. Boltzmann Brains](2018/08/26-08.28.24.html)
* [11 - A.I. safety with Democracy?](2018/08/11-18.39.44.html)
* [09 - Anatomy of a scam, and LiveJournal's lost passwords](2018/08/09-15.24.47.html)
* [05 - Dynamic range of Bayesian thought](2018/08/05-05.24.51.html)

### July

* [17 - Old predictions, and how they've been standing up](2018/07/17-16.09.05.html)

### June

* [27 - Headcannon](2018/06/27-14.38.35.html)
* [26 - Unlearnable](2018/06/26-11.32.27.html)
* [21 - Unfortunate personhood tests for A.I.](2018/06/21-10.13.56.html)
* [17 - How would you know whether an A.I. was a person or not?](2018/06/17-23.09.28.html)

### May

* [22 - Hyperloop's secondary purposes](2018/05/22-11.34.15.html)

### March

* [16 - Speed of machine intelligence](2018/03/16-10.44.18.html)

### February

* [16 - Mote of smartdust](2018/02/16-12.30.04.html)
* [06 - Nietzsche, Facebook, and A.I.](2018/02/06-12.21.48.html)
* [05 - Kessler-resistant real-life force-fields?](2018/02/05-11.16.43.html)
* [02 - <strike>Cherry-manning?</strike> Nut picking](2018/02/02-22.40.37.html)

### January

* [31 - Alzheimer's](2018/01/31-11.26.08.html)
* [29 - Utility function of meetings](2018/01/29-13.27.12.html)
* [27 - Must we laugh to change our mind?](2018/01/27-15.04.31.html)
* [21 - Normalised, n-dimensional, utility monster](2018/01/21-23.53.51.html)

## 2017

### December

* [18 - I am not a quantum physicist](2017/12/18-13.34.56.html)

### November

* [27 - Irish border, WTO rules, Brexit](2017/11/27-14.10.14.html)
* [26 - You won't believe how fast transistors are](2017/11/26-22.25.50.html)
* [21 - Hyperinflation in the attention economy: what succeeds adverts?](2017/11/21-22.11.35.html)
* [19 - If I'm right about this, it's luck, not skill.](2017/11/19-16.02.25.html)
* [18 - Musk City, Antarctica](2017/11/18-19.07.03.html)
* [17 - The end of human labour is inevitable, here's why](2017/11/17-11.36.34.html)

### September

* [15 - Being embarrassed by your old work is a sign you've learned things](2017/09/15-22.58.06.html)

### August

* [09 - Would this be a solution to the problem of literal-Genie omniscient AIs?](2017/08/09-19.21.27.html)
* [05 - Railgun notes #2](2017/08/05-19.27.26.html)

### July

* [27 - Why do people look by touching?](2017/07/27-16.12.35.html)

### June

* [23 - Automated detection of propaganda and cultural bias](2017/06/23-16.21.26.html)
* [18 - Vision](2017/06/18-00.56.14.html)
* [15 - iOS or Android?](2017/06/15-00.03.36.html)
* [06 - Falcon 9 to scale](2017/06/06-11.42.15.html)

### May

* [30 - Tasteless humour](2017/05/30-23.46.24.html)
* [23 - Andrew Neil interviews Theresa Maykov-bot](2017/05/23-13.23.15.html)
* [19 - Just because you can, doesn't mean you should](2017/05/19-23.09.23.html)

### April

* [20 - Can a Casimir cavity be used to construct true negative mass metamaterials?](2017/04/20-14.32.32.html)
* [10 - Executable images](2017/04/10-22.55.43.html)
* [10 - Railgun notes](2017/04/10-18.16.20.html)

### January

* [03 - Megastructures](2017/01/03-14.50.50.html)

## 2016

### November

* [10 - The passage of time](2016/11/10-21.39.45.html)

### May

* [09 - EU](2016/05/09-20.40.01.html)

### April

* [12 - The Singularity is Dead, Long Live The Singularity](2016/04/12-00.31.55.html)
* [08 - The near future](2016/04/08-12.40.20.html)

### March

* [09 - Tryin' out wordpress](2016/03/09-11.16.27.html)
